AP_HAL_ChibiOS: add CSKY405 board (#26667)
ArduPilot/ardupilot: libraries/AP_HAL_ChibiOS/hwdef/CSKY405/Readme.md

# CSKY405 Flight Controller

> The CSKY405 is a flight controller produced by [ClearSky](http://csky.space/).

Reviewer: this is not a valid web link

## Features
    Processor
        STM32F405 168Mhz, 1MB 32-bit processor
        AT7456E OSD
    Sensors
        BMI088 Acc/Gyro
        BMP390 barometer
    Power
        2S - 6S Lipo input voltage with voltage monitoring
        90A Cont., 215A peak current monitor
        12V, 2A BEC for powering Video Transmitter controlled by GPIO
        5V, 2.5A BEC for internal and peripherals
    Interfaces
        10x PWM outputs DShot capable
        1x RC input
        6x UARTs/serial for GPS and other peripherals
        I2C port for external compass, airspeed, etc.
        microSDCard for logging, etc.
        USB-C port
  

## Overview

![CSKY405](CSKY405.png)

## Wiring Diagram

![CSKY405 Wiring](CSKY405_wiring.png)

## UART Mapping

The UARTs are marked Rn and Tn in the above pinouts. The Rn pin is the
receive pin for UARTn. The Tn pin is the transmit pin for UARTn.

 - SERIAL0 -> USB
 - SERIAL1 -> UART4  (MAVLink2 telem)
 - SERIAL2 -> USART1 (Serial RC input) (DMA capable)
 - SERIAL3 -> UART5  (GPS)
 - SERIAL4 -> USART3 (User) (TX DMA capable)
 - SERIAL5 -> USART6 (User) (TX DMA capable)

>  - SERIAL6 -> USART2 (RX tied to inverted SBUS RC input, but can be used as normal UART if :ref:`BRD_ALT_CONFIG<>` =1) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - SERIAL6 -> USART2(XMA Capable) (RX tied to inverted SBUS RC input, but can be used as normal UART if :ref:`BRD_ALT_CONFIG<>` =1) 
```
I still dont see a separate SBUS PIN ONLY RX2input...ehere is it? mut be separate for this alt config use to work

Author: It really doesn't exist on the board, there is only RX2, but in the current configuration the SBUS works. Did I understand correctly that since I do not have a logic inverter on the board, I will not be able to configure this USART as a regular one? Only SBUS?

Reviewer: since RC2RX2 is an rc interrupt normally, and works for all single wire rc protocols.....since RX2 is direct to the uart without an intervening inverter, the alt config will work for CRSF,etc. and should use uart2 since it has dma and uart4 does not...it wont work well for crsf because of that..i modified my suggested change above since there is no inverter

## RC Input

> RC input is configured on the SBUS pin (inverted and sent to UART2_RX). It supports all RC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RC input is configured on the RX2 pin (inverted and sent to UART2_RX). It supports all sin gle wire RC
```

> protocols except serial protocols such as CRSF, ELRS, etc. Instead, these devices can be connected to UART4 (SERIAL1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
protocols except serial protocols such as CRSF, ELRS, etc. Instead, these devices can be connected using both TX2 and RX2 if if :ref:`BRD_ALT_CONFIG<BRD_ALT_CONFIG>` =1
```
